CAD-4437 Include UTxO HD installation/usage instructions in READMEs (#4079)
input-output-hk/cardano-node: doc/getting-started/understanding-config-files.md

	  }
	}
```

> #### UTxO HD

Reviewer: Maybe we should call this something like:

- Ledger State HD 
- Ledger State on Disk

or something like that.

> The UTxO HD feature of the consensus layer allows parts of the ledger state to be stored on-disk, whereas consensus previously kept the whole ledger state in memory. The node can be configured to use any of two *backends*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UTxO HD feature of the consensus layer allows parts of the ledger state to be stored on-disk, as opposed to keeping the whole ledger state in memory. The node can be configured to use any of two *backends*:
```

> * The *LMDB backend*, which is built around a Lightning Memory-Mapped Database (LMDB), stores parts of the ledger state on disk. Optionally, a configuration can be included that sets the mapsize (maximum size) of the on-disk database that is used to store parts of the ledger state. By default, the mapsize is set to 16 Gigabytes. **Warning**: if the database size exceeds the given mapsize, the node will abort. Therefore, the mapsize should be set to a value high enough to guarantee that the maximum database size will not be reached during the expected node uptime.

Reviewer: Can we add a link to the LMDB website?

  ```json
  "LedgerDBBackend": "LMDB",
  "LMDBMapSize": "16G",
  ```
* The *InMemory backend* stores parts of the ledger state in memory.
  ```json
  "LedgerDBBackend": "InMemory",
  ```

> If no choice of backend is configured, then the node defaults to using the LMDB backend with the *default* mapsize. It is recommended not to opt for the in-memory backend if the machine that is running the node is constrained by the amount of available memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no choice of backend is given, then the node defaults to using the LMDB backend with the *default* mapsize. It is recommended not to opt for the in-memory backend if the machine that is running the node is memory constrained.
```
